README.md, before:

* This is the Thermally Induced Deformation Analysis Library (TIDAL)

Copyright (C) 2021 Mechanics and Energly Laboratory, Northwestern University

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.


*Python module that performs all necessary computations for thermally induced deformation calculations in triaxial conditions

Most of the information and code is written for readability and tracktability
to the original content rather than for performance. Although optimization
could be possible, it is decided against due to the low computational burden
of the involved calculations. Some example analysis files are loosely integrated
and may possess some level of code repetition which  provides transparency and
readability.

For new analysis based on comprehensive raw data, no such
separation occurs and the entire proper analysis can be conducted following the
template file


* Folder structure:
data: contains the raw data used in calculations
analysis: contains the analysis files used in Coulibaly and Rotta Loria, 2022

* Citation
When using this package, please cite:
Coulibaly and Rotta Loria 2022. Thermally induced deformation of soils: a Critical Revision of experimental methods.
Journal of Geomechanics of Energy and the Environment (submitted)
DOI: TBD

Commit message:

write documentation: clean README, replace comment blocks by docstrings, make headers consistent. Other minor cosmetic changes

README.md, after:

**This is the Thermally Induced Deformation Analysis Library (TIDAL).**

Copyright (C) 2021 Mechanics and Energly Laboratory, Northwestern University

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TIDAL is a Python package that implements the most advanced and up-to-date tools
for the analysis of the thermally induced deformation of soils. It was developed
by the Mechanics and Energy Laboratory at Northwestern University, directed by
Prof. Alessandro F. Rotta Loria https://sites.northwestern.edu/rottaloria/ .


The primary author of the code is Dr. Jibril B. Coulibaly who can be contacted
at jibril.coulibaly@gmail.com. TIDAL is developed for the scientific community.
The code is written mainly for robustness, readability and tracktability to the
original literature rather than performance. Given the low computational cost of
the involved calculations, potential optimization is wilfully avoided when it
could potentially impair understanding and readability.

**Package structure, files and directories**

* README: this file
* LICENSE: the GNU General Public License (GPL) version 3
* core: sub-package, thermally induced deformation analysis modules
* data: sub-package, useful tabulated raw data and results of the literature
* example: test cases presented in the paper by Coulibaly and Rotta Loria, 2022
* template: (To be written, to simplify analysis for new users of TIDAL)

Documentation is available through docstrings provided with the code.  
The top-level TIDAL directory must be accessible to the PYTHONPATH.

**When using TIDAL please cite**:

Coulibaly, J. B. and Rotta Loria, A. F., 2022. Thermally induced deformation of
soils: a Critical Revision of experimental methods. _Journal J_ Vol, Page.
DOI: https://doi.org/XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
